but we also have our own
celebrity cats
We are here with Nicole and the owner.
it okay to cce look from walking
Thank you for your very beautiful caring.
Come on.
pole lyra grandson good at nothing all man
and the borges with the enormous emanuelle borges
It's a big deal to our partner.
gabriela lian she accompanied one day in
nicole life given and we will now see
look that
the hot tub with rose petals
roses not christened with crystals all this
for the little girl relax and with what
frequency you will see this once per
week or every output it
and this literature that a temperature
very important as degrees in 6 degrees
baby temperature
we do a massage that she has a
Tell me, tell me, this shirt is
very special is beautiful and so no one
can you get on her way is her show?
food
She is 13 already. You do not have a
super premium food and quality
of them is the mineral water and the reason
usually when I get to
dry it or only minutes
now it's a very special thing
also with profiles on social networks
as it feeds them with
How often do two hours a day
practically her fan page once per
week every 15 days and anything
cool new
So what are the super important eyes?
for health
heard once a week enough
that's what happened
it will start to produce many and
nice Sunday
the cast is prepared to leave alone
lack put lessa linen clothing is
this from here me that the breastplate is not
So we'll go to the mall.
when we put the breastplate that
sooner and then I had hers
you realize that people come because
unity as the feline and the one who still
are goods can be a door for us
have a kitten break that
Prejudice can suddenly train me
back who plays and if so I 8 people
was curious to think that it was a
nail painted is not really this is a
Protector is a capsule even when
I went there she left the litter she chose
one month and I was not happy with
cat and worked in the technology area
And then she changed everything I had to leave.
area you are studying and providing
consulting services because of
people came closer she looks but she walks
on a leash but what's yours today?
work is the same job
directly from your life from here
brazil whole giving lecture inclusive
the plenary and does not learn in
college this then protection shampoo is
hygiene cat extremely problems in the
inea environment management
How many hours of the day do you devote to them?
so I took a vacation now after
almost 13 years two months to take care of a
little of me but two hours in
average is what I have left to get out I arrived
No, in the hotel apartment I deleted
Ours said she chose because as
she appeared in her life so she did not have
I had disconnected myself from the affinity
company and went there frankly there my aunt
open the gate was our all closed
something strange, that's when I opened the
gate if the litter is seen and July
I stayed four days back to são paulo
and spent a week we'll get the
Nicole and I was 13 years old and then I was leaving.
With her, she stopped shopping.
that health one or cycle look is
The secret that I wrote in the book speaks
That's why I'm super-shy today.
people will like what I do
because I had prejudice and she
broke the bias and transformed
my cool life of coca cola
boston emanuelle you too have so
this whole activity with him that
I want you to do with time
What do you give the board to?
in fact he's a kitty writer is
He has a blog since he is two years old.
has a blog and he has profile in the networks
social is also so it feeds
constantly blog has at least
three to four posts per day have
you can for example it though
He can
daily he may have a chronicle that
It enters Wednesday at midnight and has
some columns that we give people
no he gives the caution tip is
encourage adoption through
dissemination of groups that dedicate cats to
Adoption is a series of borges varieties
the cat with yesterday before you
must have affinity with the cat whenever
It was me I always loved cats but I never
I could have because my father would not let me.
I liked it but after I got married I left
home is how good this invitation was
my husband will be easier to convince
The father convinces her and we searched for him there.
in the field of santana in rio de janeiro in the
center who is not from the river maybe not
know but it's a file to follow the people
has many cats and has a group of
protectors that was a super job
cool and then you got there and we went there
and to seek him solved renata cibelli de
lily lille is not that she came to
you
it came there six years ago, and I
situations and I rescued and
I decided to create a blog, my blog has
five years and me when I'm August
light and I write as if it were her
talking on both the blog and others
profiles on social networks that was a
need because the bloc was growing
and we want to ask you how
she tries to communicate that they seek
in this blog
they are looking for interaction or want to interact
seeking is also request for adoption of
animals right?
in one of the games that already have cats too
and people who do not have to adopt
know the history of gasoline and
other expenses that also puts on the blog
and fell in love and adopt animals adopts
spent the first time and today in 1 23
cats foot and then the bo was booming and arises
these rural areas to vote in
elections
and I also wanted to remind you that the
good the cat lille she also acts in such
animal is a theme today is important to
People hit Brazil in Brazil and there.
fortress we created last year
a move is just this fortress cat
that the cat he supports by divulging the bad
dealing with ill-treatment of people
will have smooth cats that are in the
Public places hold events
adoption and does an education job that
Sorry, I do not know, it 's them.
are trained and in person to ask
put here they stay like that on the bench
and adestra is conditioned to them
very weirded the environment is it for
Put it here and you think it stays is
alone is not ideal because sometimes
he's there with us, I'm normal and
better while I go there talking
both of solidarity do not take care of well
of animals and all I'm going to enjoy
people talk about our auction again
It's just so we can see better than
You iron better show three cats
who visited us today of jealousy
I wanted to know what a game to take
clothing fur you're home
the market place